[bulk] Validation: Multiple Fixes (#225)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/imagery/index.md

---
title: "Imagery API | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Learn how to use the Imagery API to get static maps and Bing™ Maps imagery information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An overview page for the Bing Maps Imagery API section with links to articles that describe how to get static maps and Bing Maps imagery information.
```
